split
The movie in which Three girls are kidnapped by a man with a diagnosed 23 distinct personalities. They must try to escape before the apparent emergence of a frightful new 24th.
hangman
The movie in which A homicide detective brings his partner out of retirement to help catch a serial killer whose crimes are based on a children's game.
inception
The movie in which a thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O.
us
The movie in which a family's serene beach vacation turns to chaos when their doppelgängers appear and begin to terrorize them.
gladiator
The movie in which a former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.
coco
The movie in which Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.
up
The movie in which 78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.
downfall
The movie in which Traudl Junge, the final secretary for Adolf Hitler, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII.
warrior
The movie in which The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter.
rocky
The movie in which a small-time boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight a heavy-weight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.
skiptrace
The movie in which a detective from Hong Kong teams up with an American gambler to battle against a notorious Chinese criminal.
taken
The movie in which a retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who has been kidnapped while on a trip to Paris.
skyfall
The movie in which Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.
fury
The movie in which a grizzled tank commander makes tough decisions as he and his crew fight their way across Germany in April, 1945.
crank
The movie in which Professional assassin Chev Chelios learns his rival has injected him with a poison that will kill him if his heart rate drops.

