football
The game is played on a rectangular field called a pitch with a goal at each end. The object of the game is to score by moving the ball beyond the goal line into the opposing goal. Association football is one of a family of football codes, which emerged from various ball games played worldwide since antiquity. its team consist of 11 player
basketball
team sport in which two teams, most commonly of five players each, opposing one another on a rectangular court
volleyball
team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net. Each team tries to score points by grounding a ball on the other team's court under organized rules
tennis
racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles).
handball
is a team sport in which two teams of seven players each (six out court players and a goalkeeper) pass a ball using their hands with the aim of throwing it into the goal of the other team. A standard match consists of two periods of 30 minutes, and the team that scores more goals wins.
hockey
sport in which two teams play against each other by trying to manoeuvre a ball or a puck into the opponent's goal using a hockey stick. There are many types of hockey such as bandy, field hockey, ice hockey and rink hockey.
boxing
combat sport in which two people, usually wearing protective gloves, throw punches at each other for a predetermined amount of time in a boxing ring
road running
sport of running on a measured course over an established road (as opposed to track and field and cross country running).
equestrianism
more often known as horse riding (British English) or horseback riding (American English), includes the disciplines of riding, driving, or vaulting with horses. This broad description includes the use of horses for practical working purposes, transportation, recreational activities, artistic or cultural exercises, and competitive sport
mountaineering
set of activities that involves ascending mountains. Mountaineering-related activities include traditional outdoor climbing, skiing, and traversing via ferratas. Indoor climbing, sport climbing and bouldering are also considered mountaineering by some