friends
The tv show where Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan.
narcos
The tv show where a chronicled look at the criminal exploits of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar, as well as the many other drug kingpins who plagued the country through the years
dark
The tv show where a family saga with a supernatural twist, set in a German town, where the disappearance of two young children exposes the relationships among four families.
house
The tv show where an antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits.
gomorra
The tv show where Ciro disregards tradition in his attempt to become the next boss of his crime syndicate. The internal power struggle puts him and his entire family's life at risk.
hannibal
The tv show where explores the early relationship between the renowned psychiatrist and his patient, a young FBI criminal profiler, who is haunted by his ability to empathize with serial killers.
justified
The tv show where U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens's reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal mining towns in eastern Kentucky.
skam
The tv show follows the story of young teenagers and pupils on Hartvig Nissens upper secondary school in Oslo, and their troubles, scandals and everyday life. Each season is told from a different person's point of view.
daredevil
The tv show in which there is a blind lawyer by day, vigilante by night. Matt Murdock fights the    crime of New York.
scorpion
The tv show where an eccentric genius forms an international network of super-geniuses to act as the last line of defense against the complicated threats of the modern world.
taboo
The tv show where adventurer James Keziah Delaney returns to London during the War of 1812 to rebuild his late father's shipping empire. However, both the government and his biggest competitor want his inheritance at any cost - even murder.
krypton
The tv show which shows the untold story of Superman's grandfather as he fights for justice on his home planet.
elite
The tv show When three working-class teens enroll in an exclusive private school in Spain, the clash between them and the wealthy students leads to murder.
you
The tv show where a clever bookstore manager relies on his savvy Internet know-how to make the woman of his dreams fall in love with him.
lost
The tv show where the survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island.